dataset for training the machine

1. http://autismkb.cbi.pku.edu.cn/dataset.php


facts

1.Delays in reaching or failure to achieve milestones in motor skills development such as sitting, crawling and walking.

2.Slowness learning to talk or continued difficulties with speech and language skills after starting to talk.

3.Difficulty with self-help and self-care skills such  getting dressed, washing, and feeding themselves.

4.Poor planning or problem solving abilities.

5.Behavioral and social problems.

6.Failure to grow intellectually or continued infant-like behavior
Problems keeping up in school.

ADHS -REF

7.Failure to adapt or adjust to new situations.

8.Difficulty understanding and following social rules.

9.takes risks with little thought for the dangers.

10.difficulty paying close attention to details.

11.appears forgetful in daily activities.


12.has a shorter attention span and is easily distracted.

13.difficulty completing tasks that are tedious or time-consuming.

14.Deprivation from social and emotional care causes severe delays in brain and cognitive development.

15. Down syndrome This disorder usually results from an extra chromosome 21

16.Slowness learning to talk or continued difficulties with speech and language skills after starting to talk

17.Failure to grow intellectually or continued infant-like behavior

18.Partial or complete paralysis.

19.Muscle weakness orPartial or complete loss of sensation.

20.Unexplained pain.




Diagnosing and testing of the disorders

1.observe early symptoms neurological disorder.
2.performing tests of tests
	Developmental tests
	Neurologic examination
	Physical examination
	Brain imaging
	Laboratory tests
3.These test results will be used to help you understand disease has affected his or her health and which treatments are most likely to help.
4.depending on the result the best of the methods or  medication is used to treat his or her.
	4.1 Behavioral therapy
	4.2 psychotropic medication
	4.3 Supportive care
	4.4 Counseling
	4.5 lifestyle changes
	4.6 medications